I would like to quickly suggest several companion courses
that can enhance your overall Agile, Scrum,
and soft skill capabilities.
You might want to consider the course, Best Practices for Project Estimation.
We talked about the critical importance of estimation in sprint planning,
so this course would give you more background and
knowledge of estimation techniques, as well as agile estimation.
Everything we've talked about in this entire course has an
underpinning and requirement for strong and dynamic
leadership and communication skills, so check out the course,
Leadership and Communication Skills for Software Engineers.
Now if you are still in both worlds,
some Agile and some traditional project management,
this companion course may be very helpful for you.
I have seen that many companies are doing a sort of blend of the two approaches,
Agile and traditional in the same project even.
So if you need to learn more about the traditional project management approach,
you might want to check out this course as well.
Nothing gets done today and done well without great teams of people.
If you have any leadership or management role within your organization, this course may be very helpful indeed.